Thanks for purchasing "FROG: The Measurement of Ultrashort Laser Pulses."  This CD contains PowerPoint lectures on pulse measurement and the FROG code.  Both Mac and PC versions of the lectures and the FROG code are here.  The lectures are even translated into French (the PC version anyway).The PowerPoint files are a series of four 75-minute lectures that I give as part of a first-year graduate course in Ultrafast Optics at Georgia Tech.  I'm giving them out with this book because they're really pretty, and I spent a lot of time on them and don't think you should have to, too.  In return, I'm hoping that you'll do the same for me and others in your favorite area of science.  Teaching has never developed a tradition of sharing materials, and I'm trying to change that.I've also included my one-hour colloquium talk if, for some unfathomable reason, your audience requires less than an hour on this fascinating subject. There are separate Mac and PC versions of everything because PowerPoint has idiosyncracies, which prevent one version from working on both platforms.  The Mac version is slightly better (because I use a Mac primarily), but I spent the time to make the PC version nice also.  You won't notice the difference.  Although the movie in the second lecture just doesn't seem to work on a PC.  If you figure out how to make it work, would you let me know?Feel free to cut and paste from these lectures to use what you'd like.If you feel like improving these lectures in some way, or if you find and correct typos, please send the improved version to me, so I can fix it in future releases.  Also, if you do some great work that should be included in these lectures, please send the slides to me, and I can include them in future releases.  And of course, if you produce something in another area of ultrafast optics—or any other field for that matter—send that, too.  I'd love to have more pretty pictures to include in my lectures, and I can give them to others as well.  We're talking about future generations of students here.I hope this adds to your class.  Any comments or suggestions are welcome.Finally, Femtosoft and MakTech (recently bought out by Swamp Optics) were generous enough to allow me to include their commercial FROG code, again in both Mac and PC versions.  The "Save" feature is disabled, so you can play with it, but you can't do anything serious with it (yeah, if you're serious, you should buy it from Femtosoft, MakTech, or Swamp Optics). The Help files for these programs are pretty complete, so I refer you to them for assistance.Thanks again for purchasing the book.  I hope that it and this CD will help you to achieve the most accurate and complete ultrafast measurements possible.Rick TrebinoGeorgia Research Alliance-Eminent Scholar Chair of Ultrafast Optical PhysicsGeorgia Institute of TechnologySchool of Physics837 State St.Atlanta, GA 30332rick.trebino@physics.gatech.eduwww.physics.gatech.edu/frog404-894-1690 (office; afternoons and evenings)404-931-8859 (cellular)404-385-0830 (FAX)